docs: add suggested branch setup (#17)
MartinBernstorff/swift-python-cookiecutter: {{cookiecutter.project_name}}/.github/repo_setup.md

> # Initial repo setup
> * General
>   * Issues
>   * Disallow squash and rebase commits
>   * Allow auto merge
>   * Always suggest updating pull request branches 
> * Branch protection rules
>   * Require a pull request before merging
>   * Require status checks to pass before merging
>   * Require conversation resolution before merging
>   * Do not allow bypassing the above settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Initial setup for the repository
This is a list of thing we recommend doing when setting up a new GitHub repository using this workflow. Feel free to delete or ignore this markdown file.

* General
  * Set up issues
  * Disallow squash and rebase commits
  * Allow auto merge
  * Always suggest updating pull request branches 
* Recommended branch protection rules
  * Require a pull request before merging
  * Require status checks to pass before merging
  * Require conversation resolution before merging
  * Do not allow bypassing the above settings
```

Reviewer: ikke sikker på hvad du mener med:
```
Always suggest updating pull request branches
```
